[Music]
hi
i'm divya sharma also known as dr bull
and welcome to
small budget big flavors where i'll be
showing you how to combine
great food and fine dining all in a
cost-effective way
and today i'm going to be making a
delicious breakfast perfect for two
[Music]
i'll be making shakshuka shakshuka means
all mixed in and that's exactly what it
is
you've got spicy tomato sauce with some
eggs mixed in
it's a perfect combination so let's get
[Music]
cooking
the first step is to drizzle some oil on
a heated pan
and then pop in some onions
some chopped red chilies
some coriander stalks
and some garlic
give that a really good stir
so we need to cook this for about five
to six minutes until the
onions are nice and soft
so now our onions are really brown and
caramelized we're ready to add in our
tomatoes
and a teaspoon of sugar
and mix it really well
[Music]
so now our sauce is ready we just need
to cook it for about five to six minutes
with the lid on
so now we can take the lid off and you
can see our sauce is really thickened up
the next step is that we just need to
make four wells
into our sauce and that's where the eggs
are going to be cracked into
so using the back of the spoon just make
your four wells
then crack an egg
[Music]
if you are vegan you could replace the
eggs with something like a roasted
aubergine
or even some chickpeas
[Music]
and now we just pop the lid back on and
cook for a further six to nine minutes
depending on how juicy you like your
eggs if you like your eggs a bit more
juicy cook it for six minutes
if you like it a bit more harder then
maybe about nine minutes
this is a perfect one pot meal that
looks so
impressive and only takes 20 minutes to
make serve it with some crusty bread to
mop up all those delicious juices
or just have it straight from the pan
i'm just going to finish it off
with a garnish of coriander and i can't
wait to serve this to my husband for
[Music]
breakfast
you